How often do you masturbate?
Have you ever touched someone elses penis/vagina?
Are you still a virgin?
When was the last time you lied?
When was the last time you cried?
What's your biggest fear?
What songs have been stuck in your head recently?
What are you eating for your next meal?
What's your biggest fantasy?
Do you have any fetishes?
What's something you're glad your mum doesn't know about you?
Have you ever cheated on someone?
When is the last time you touched grass? What did you do?
What's the worst thing you've ever done?
What's a secret you've never told anyone?
Do you have a hidden talent?
When was the las time you said the n word?
When was the last time you masturbated?
What is one item you hope nobody ever finds in your room?
Ideal length?
Favourite colour?
Favourite song?
What is the weirdest name someone has called you?
If you could change your name as if you were born with it what would you change it to?
How long?
What is the part you like least about yourself?
What is the part you like most about yourself?
You got pets?
How much do you weigh?
How tall are you?
Would you rather kill 5 Africans or 5 Americans?
What race would your dream partner be?
What race are you?
How many bfs/gfs have you been with?
Do muscles matter?
Whats the best part about where you live?
Whats the worst part about where you live?
FREE GOLD!
Have you ever stayed friends with someone because it benefitted you beyond just the friendship?
How long do you last?
Have you ever peed in the shower?
What's the dumbest excuse you used to get out of school?
How old were you when you first tried alcohol?
What is the scariest nightmare you've ever had?
What is your favourite time to masturbate?
Rather live a simple life in the countryside or be rich in the city?
If you starred in a romance movie, what would it be like?
What is the strangest dream you've ever had?
Who is the imposter?
What is your greatest achievment?
Whats your favourite game?
Do you like school/college/uni (whatever it is)?
Do you stare at your huge muscles/breasts in the mirror before a shower?
What color underwear are you wearing right now?
Would you trade in a pet dog or cat for a million dollars?
What is the silliest thing you feel emotionally attached to?
What's one thing you only do when you're alone (apart from the obvious)?
If you had to cut one friend out of your life, who would it be?
Do you have any siblings?
What do you value most in life?
What's the longest you've ever spent in the bathroom?
Are you afraid of the dark?
What is the best kind of porn?
When the who was what a how uhh where huuu?
When was the last time you watched porn?
If you were alone in a room with a sexy catgirl/boy would you let it fuck you?
What animal most closely resembles your style of eating?
What is your spirit animal?
Would you rather your country be run by annoying enthusiastic transgenders or kill all transgenders?
Do you watch anime?
How often do you dream of sex or a naked body?
What's the worst intimate experience you've ever had?
Have you ever cheated in an exam?
What's the most drunk you've ever been?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've ever done?
What's your biggest insecurity?
What's the biggest mistake you've ever made?
What's the most disgusting thing you've ever done?
Who would you like to kiss in the server?
What's the worst thing anyone's ever done to you?
What's your worst habit?
When is the last time you changed your socks/underwear?
What's the worst thing you've ever said to anyone?
What's your biggest turn off?
What's the largest age gap between you and your sexual partners?
Does size really matter?
Who was your worst sexual partner and why?
Have you ever faked an orgasm?
Have you ever been caught in action? If so, by who?
If you could only ever do one position for the rest of your life, which one would it be and why?
What’s the most embarrassing thing that’s happened to you during sex?
Where’s the riskiest place you’ve done it?
Have you ever filmed a sex tape?
What is outside your favourite window?
If you could only eat one thing for the rest of your life, what would you choose?
Have you ever had a paranormal experience?
If you were handed $1,000 right now, what would you spend it on?
If you had the choice to never have to sleep again, would you take it?
If you had to get a tattoo today, what would it be?
Have you ever re-gifted a present? What was it?
Do you believe in an afterlife?
What’s your biggest turn on?
Do you have any fetishes?
Do you like loud or silent people in bed?
What is your favourite song when it comes to action in the bedroom?
What your maddest one-night stand story?